#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
argh==0.31.3
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-countries
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipwin
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
black==24.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-email
    #   flower
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipenv
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   click
    #   pytest
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.6.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
django==5.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   djoser
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-email
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-email==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jazzmin==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-phonenumber-field==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-templated-mail==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djoser
djoser==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipwin
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
faker==35.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
flake8==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
humanize==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreschema
js2py==0.74
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipwin
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pipenv
    #   pipwin
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-factoryboy
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
phonenumbers==8.13.53
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pipenv==2024.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pipwin==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pyjsparser==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   js2py
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   social-auth-core
pyprind==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipwin
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pysmartdl==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipwin
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-factoryboy
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   faker
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   pipwin
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   js2py
    #   pipwin
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djoser
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   django-countries
    #   faker
    #   pytest-factoryboy
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   kombu
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   js2py
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.29.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipenv
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
